Add some API links to the usage documentation (#873)
pytest-dev/pyfakefs: docs/troubleshooting.rst

      # works correctly
      mocker.patch("builtins.open", mocker.mock_open(read_data="content"))

> Pathlib.Path objects created outside of tests

Reviewer: Thoughts on syntax highlighting as `pathlib.Path`?

---------------------------------------------
An pattern which is more often seen with the increased usage of `pathlib` is the

> creation of global `pathlib.Path` objects (instead of string paths) that are used
> in the tests. As these objects are created in the real filesystem, they are not of the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creation of global `pathlib.Path` objects (instead of string paths) that are imported
into the tests. As these objects are created in the real filesystem, they are not of the same
```

type as faked `pathlib.Path` objects, and both will always compare as not equal,
regardless of the path they point to:

.. code:: python

>   import pathlib
> 
>   FOLDER = pathlib.Path(__file__).parent
>   FILE = FOLDER / "file.csv"
> 
> 
>   def test_one(fs):
>       fake_file = pathlib.Path(fs.create_file(FILE).path)
>       assert FILE == fake_file  # fails, compares different objects
>       assert str(FILE) == str(fake_file)  # succeeds, compares the actual paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  import pathlib

  # This Path was made in the real filesystem, before the test
  # stands up the fake filesystem
  FILE_PATH = pathlib.Path(__file__).parent / "file.csv"

  def test_path_equality(fs):
      # This Path was made after the fake filesystem is set up,
      # and thus patching within pathlib is in effect
      fake_file_path = pathlib.Path(fs.create_file(FILE_PATH).path)
      assert FILE_PATH == fake_file_path  # fails, compares different objects
      assert str(FILE_PATH) == str(fake_file_path)  # succeeds, compares the actual paths
```

Just cleaning up the snippet I provided:
- No need for `FOLDER`
- Removing room for confusion of `FILE` vague name:
    - `FILE` sounds like a file object when it's a `Path` object
    - Could detail if it's made in real or fake filesystem
- `test_one` name can be more specific
